README.md, before:

# Entropy: Bitcoin Wallet Written Entirely in Rust

## Why another Bitcoin wallet?

The current landscape of Bitcoin wallet projects is already very full of amazing products which function well, why build yet another wallet? Because memory-safety is hard, and Rust is awesome!

Seriously though, most of the projects centered around Bitcoin applications are exposed to classes of vulnerabilities where Rust is naturally immune.<br>
Sure, if you try hard enough, you can get some of the same security issues (stack corruption), but such occurences are rare.

Enough with boring security stuff for the moment: Rust is fucking awesome!

Coding in Rust either makes you run away screaming, left indifferent, or enthused to code all new projects in the language.

## Implementation Details

By harnessing the hard work Rust's compiler does saving us from ourselves, we can export modules as importable C libraries into existing Bitcoin Core code.<br>
In this way, we can break development into small, achievable chunks.

We will use the latest version of Rust (https://rustup.com), and the latest stable build of Bitcoin Core.<br>
Similar to other projects, we will target a static release of Core code.

## Phase 1: Building the Wallet Modules

Features implemented during Phase 1 (partial list):
  - Addresses
  - Transactions
  - Serialization
  - Validation
  - BIP features related to wallets
    - Hardware Wallet integration
    - Multisig
    - Segregated Witness
    - Hierarchically Deterministic (HD) keys/addresses
    - Confidential Transactions (maybe)
    - ...

When the first phase of the project is completed, we will have a functional Bitcoin wallet!

We will also be well on the way to an entire full-node implementation.<br>
Building a full-node is the long-term goal for this project.

First things last, we need to develop the tooling and architecture for this undertaking. 

During the research phase, I found that importing C++ objects (nested templated structs are evil) into Rust is a pain in the ass.<br> 
Especially for a project the size of Bitcoin Core, it would likely prove torturous debugging such a monstrosity, let alone writing it.

The torment of dealing with that level of complexity led me to seek simpler solutions.

Instead of importing C++ into Rust, lets try importing Rust into C++. 

Resources (blogs, white papers & [documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ffi.html#callbacks-from-c-code-to-rust-functions)) are out there on exporting Rust code into C libraries that can be imported by any language that understands C calling conventions. 

Honestly, this seems like a much smoother approach, and allows us to harness the enormous test corpus already present in Core code.

## Contributing & What's Next 

This project is very much a work in progress. Any comments, critiques, advice are very welcome. 

Please help with coding! :-)

If you have a spare few moments, and love coding in Rust, your help is tremendously appreciated. 

Updates to the project's roadmap and documentation will happen fairly regularly.<br>
Like everything else about this project, feel free to offer any improvements you discover. 

Once the wallet reaches minimal functionality, I would like to open it up to security testing.<br>
Feel free to start poking from day one, but the interesting stuff probably won't appear until later.

## Contact

Feel free to email me here: cole [at] onicslabs.com<br>
Twitter: @onicslabs

Commit message:

Now basing the client off Bitcoin Unlimited

README.md, after:

# Entropy: Bitcoin Wallet Written Entirely in Rust

## Why another Bitcoin wallet?

The current landscape of Bitcoin wallet projects is already very full of amazing products which function well, why build yet another wallet? Because memory-safety is hard, and Rust is awesome!

Seriously though, most of the projects centered around Bitcoin applications are exposed to classes of vulnerabilities where Rust is naturally immune.<br>
Sure, if you try hard enough, you can get some of the same security issues (stack corruption), but such occurences are rare.

Enough with boring security stuff for the moment: Rust is fucking awesome!

Coding in Rust either makes you run away screaming, left indifferent, or enthused to code all new projects in the language.

## Implementation Details

By harnessing the hard work Rust's compiler does saving us from ourselves, we can export modules as importable C libraries into existing Bitcoin Unlimited code.<br>
In this way, we can break development into small, achievable chunks.

We will use the latest version of Rust (https://rustup.com), and the latest stable build of Bitcoin Unlimited.<br>
Similar to other projects, we will target a static release of Unlimited code.

## Phase 1: Building the Wallet Modules

Features implemented during Phase 1 (partial list):
  - Addresses
  - Transactions
  - Serialization
  - Validation
  - BIP features related to wallets
    - Hardware Wallet integration
    - Multisig
    - Segregated Witness
    - Hierarchically Deterministic (HD) keys/addresses
    - Confidential Transactions (maybe)
    - ...

When the first phase of the project is completed, we will have a functional Bitcoin wallet!

We will also be well on the way to an entire full-node implementation.<br>
Building a full-node is the long-term goal for this project.

First things last, we need to develop the tooling and architecture for this undertaking. 

During the research phase, I found that importing C++ objects (nested templated structs are evil) into Rust is a pain in the ass.<br> 
Especially for a project the size of Bitcoin Unlimited, it would likely prove torturous debugging such a monstrosity, let alone writing it.

The torment of dealing with that level of complexity led me to seek simpler solutions.

Instead of importing C++ into Rust, lets try importing Rust into C++. 

Resources (blogs, white papers & [documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ffi.html#callbacks-from-c-code-to-rust-functions)) are out there on exporting Rust code into C libraries that can be imported by any language that understands C calling conventions. 

Honestly, this seems like a much smoother approach, and allows us to harness the enormous test corpus already present in Unlimited code.

## Contributing & What's Next 

This project is very much a work in progress. Any comments, critiques, advice are very welcome. 

Please help with coding! :-)

If you have a spare few moments, and love coding in Rust, your help is tremendously appreciated. 

Updates to the project's roadmap and documentation will happen fairly regularly.<br>
Like everything else about this project, feel free to offer any improvements you discover. 

Once the wallet reaches minimal functionality, I would like to open it up to security testing.<br>
Feel free to start poking from day one, but the interesting stuff probably won't appear until later.

## Contact

Feel free to email me here: cole [at] onicslabs.com<br>
Twitter: @onicslabs
